our world is a world speed change growth
and motion advancements in technology
change the face of Industry and the way
we live our lives it's a never-ending
process a word progress gates
corporation embraced programs from
stands it all began in nineteen eleven
good i clears out solutions for
delivering the promise of innovation to
a world just experiencing a new century
inspired by the courage and creativity
of one man gates continues that legacy
today choosing to innovate to create to
solve problems to make a real difference
to the world
our business is to power progress
today gates powers progress impacts our
lives everywhere factoring mining
agriculture transportation and many
other industries around the world
from humble beginnings as a small tire
leather shop in Denver Colorado for
international multi-billion dollar
business with more than 100 facilities
worldwide gates is powering progress in
countries around the globe
gates park sell to harvest manufacture
and deliver the food we eat gates is
part of your daily commute to automotive
components designed to fire you
officially sealed and behind the
building of the roads and bridges you
travel as get systems more than mobile
equipment building and we don't just
power your work day also with you when
it's time to play wherever you are in
the world whatever you want to do Yates
is there to help your progress
our engineering teams lead the industry
product application innovation and green
technology our support teams provide
unrivaled and market solutions and the
gate sales team and world-class
distribution network move the industry
forward with product and customer
service second to none call progress
that's made possible by the commitment
to innovation quality and continuous
improvement by the people behind gates
gates partners with virtually every
global automotive manufacturer the
pioneer deliver better engineer power
transmission components and efficient
solutions the vehicles coolant work
that's why more vehicles on well today
updates plants than any other suppliers
customers have gates value the
innovative customer support technologies
and the opportunities they gain to drive
progress it's no wonder some of the
world's best companies choose gates
largest manufacturers of high tech high
performance belt drive systems customers
who use gates expert belt drive
solutions have saved millions of dollars
each year our high-performance systems
have replaced roller chapman
applications ranging from bicycles to
motorcycles the high-speed conveyor
lines gates also drives innovation
progress in the industrial and hydraulic
put polymer it's around the world from
global industries in energy management
and resource extraction and delivery
mobot equipment gates custom know that
applications according to their progress
gate service and products are about
powering your progress well into the
future services of products that use
innovative technology buns engineering
reduce downtown and a safer cleaner
environment no matter what the future
holds gates will be there solving
toughest challenges for our customers by
advancing the science of motion
performance
progress in motion
gates power in progress